Add troubleshooting for Intercom regional endpoints (#4988)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-intercom-web/index.md

7. Enable the destination and configured mappings.

{% include components/actions-fields.html settings="true"%}

## Troubleshooting

### Requests to Intercom return a 404 response

> If you are seeing 404 responses in your browser network tab, it's likely you have run into one of two issues:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are seeing 404 responses in your browser's network tab, you've likely run into one of two issues:
```

> - You have set the wrong App ID in the Segment settings UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You set the wrong App ID on the Intercom Actions (Web) destination settings page.
```

> - You have set the wrong Regional Data Hosting value in the Segment settings UI. Regiaonal endpoints are gated on plan level by Intercom, so you may not have access to EU data hosting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You set the wrong Regional Data Hosting value on the Intercom Actions (Web) destination settings page. Intercom gates regional endpoints by plan level, so you may not have access to EU data hosting.
```
